README.md, before:

nvim-cmp Lua LaTeX Symbols
================

## Contents

-   <a href="#preview" id="toc-preview">Preview</a>
-   <a href="#introduction" id="toc-introduction">Introduction</a>
-   <a href="#installation" id="toc-installation">Installation</a>
    -   <a href="#packernvim" id="toc-packernvim"><span>packer.nvim</span></a>
-   <a href="#setup" id="toc-setup">Setup</a>
    -   <a href="#only-for-certain-file-types"
        id="toc-only-for-certain-file-types">Only for certain file types</a>
-   <a href="#issues" id="toc-issues">Issues</a>

## Preview

![](media/preview.gif)

## Introduction

nvim-cmp Lua LaTeX Symbols is a completion source for
[nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp) that provides sources
for LaTeX symbols. This is especially useful for editing
[TeX](#only-for-certain-file-types) file types. It gets them from this
URL:
<https://milde.users.sourceforge.net/LUCR/Math/data/unimathsymbols.txt>.
*The purpose of this plugin is to provide a 100% Lua alternative to
[cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols).*
cmp-latex-symbols uses Julia code to generate the symbols list, whereas
this plugin sticks to Lua instead.

## Installation

### [packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)

``` lua
require "packer".startup(function(use)
    use "amarakon/nvim-cmp-lua-latex-symbols"
end)
```

## Setup

``` lua
require "cmp".setup {
    sources = {
        { name = "lua-latex-symbols" }
    }
}
```

### Only for certain file types

``` lua
-- Only enable `lua-latex-symbols` for `tex` and `plaintex` file types
require "cmp".setup.filetype({ "tex", "plaintex" }, {
    sources = {
        { name = "lua-latex-symbols"}
    }
})
```

## Issues

-   The text file used to parse the symbols is really large. Also, the
    code has to loop through each line of the file, then loop through
    each section, and check if the symbol is valid. This takes a long
    time. I plan to add a cache feature to this plugin in the future.

-   There are certain instances where you will see two different symbols
    with the same name. Most of the time, only the first symbol is
    useful. I plan to remove duplicates in the future.

    ![](media/duplicate.png)

Commit message:

Add `cache` option to speed up the plugin

README.md, after:

nvim-cmp Lua LaTeX Symbols
================

## Contents

-   <a href="#preview" id="toc-preview">Preview</a>
-   <a href="#introduction" id="toc-introduction">Introduction</a>
-   <a href="#installation" id="toc-installation">Installation</a>
    -   <a href="#packernvim" id="toc-packernvim"><span>packer.nvim</span></a>
-   <a href="#setup" id="toc-setup">Setup</a>
    -   <a href="#only-for-certain-file-types"
        id="toc-only-for-certain-file-types">Only for certain file types</a>
-   <a href="#issues" id="toc-issues">Issues</a>

## Preview

![](media/preview.gif)

## Introduction

nvim-cmp Lua LaTeX Symbols is a completion source for
[nvim-cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp) that provides sources
for LaTeX symbols. This is especially useful for editing
[TeX](#only-for-certain-file-types) file types. It gets them from this
URL:
<https://milde.users.sourceforge.net/LUCR/Math/data/unimathsymbols.txt>.
*The purpose of this plugin is to provide a 100% Lua alternative to
[cmp-latex-symbols](https://github.com/kdheepak/cmp-latex-symbols).*
cmp-latex-symbols uses Julia code to generate the symbols list, whereas
this plugin sticks to Lua instead.

## Installation

### [packer.nvim](https://github.com/wbthomason/packer.nvim)

``` lua
require "packer".startup(function(use)
    use "amarakon/nvim-cmp-lua-latex-symbols"
end)
```

## Setup

The following code block shows the default options.

``` lua
require "cmp".setup {
    sources = {
        -- The `cache` option is used to determine whether to generate the list
        -- of symbols every time you start Neovim, or if it should be stored in
        -- a cache file to save time. I strongly do not advise changing this
        -- option because the data used for this plugin has not been updated
        -- since 2011.
        { name = "lua-latex-symbols", option = { cache = true } }
    }
}
```

### Only for certain file types

``` lua
-- Only enable `lua-latex-symbols` for `tex` and `plaintex` file types
require "cmp".setup.filetype({ "tex", "plaintex" }, {
    sources = {
        { name = "lua-latex-symbols"}
    }
})
```

## Issues

-   There are certain instances where you will see two different symbols
    with the same name. Most of the time, only the first symbol is
    useful. I plan to remove duplicates in the future.

    ![](media/duplicate.png)
